Refactor/installation docs (#275)
caas-team/GoKubeDownscaler: website/content/guides/0 - getting-started/0 - Installation.mdx

Also make sure your context is set to the right cluster and namespace where you want to deploy the GoKubeDownscaler.

## Constrained Installation vs Cluster-Wide Installation

> As described in the [Architecture](ref:docs-architecture) section, the GoKubeDownscaler can be installed in two different ways:

Reviewer: I think you probably mean this with the architecture section.
```suggestion
As described in the [introduction page](ref:docs-introduction#installation-and-architecture), the GoKubeDownscaler can be installed in two different ways:
```

- **Constrained Installation**: The GoKubeDownscaler is only allowed to operate on a set of namespaces.
  This is useful if you don't have the
  necessary rights to make a cluster-wide installation.

> - **Cluster-Wide Installation**: The GoKubeDownscaler is allowed to operate

Reviewer: I think something might be missing here.
Maybe something along the lines of: `The GoKubeDownscaler is allowed to operate on all the namespaces of the entire cluster`

Author: Thanks for pointing that out, didn't correctly tab out the ide comment suggestion
